okay so here's the para book 1400 see
this machine doesn't actually have a
hard drive in it because I removed it
earlier this is it here instead of a
hard drive I'm going to be using a
compact flash card in a PCMCIA or PC
card adapter this is the card here this
is a high-speed card says meant to be
quite a bit faster than your ordinary
compact flash cards so let's try slide
it slide it into our the PC card slots
in the pair of ik and let's try and boot
from it here we go now of course because
this isn't a hard drive that will be out
so that you know no use for whatsoever
so let's have a look and see whether
this will move silently
the wonderful sound of silence during
this process
there we are at the desktop we give it
another moment it will load up my
desktop picture this machine is running
systems seven point six point one I
believe there's a picture I took a while
ago so there we are and that's a the
compact flash card appeared at the top
with all my files on it which I copied
over from the hard drive every try
shutting down now you will see that it
actually pops the flash drive I think so
quite violent actually anyway so that's
that it seems to work